



so the next topic is technical concept that aware of so as last year
project work with machine learning so i knew the few concept abount 
machine learning.so what is ml Machine Learning is a subset of AI 
where the machine is trained to learn from it's past experience. 
The past experience is developed through the data collected. 
Then it combines with algorithms such as Naïve Bayes, 
Support Vector Machine(SVM) to deliver the final results.
Machine learning is the concept that a computer program can learn and adapt
 to new data without human intervention. Machine learning is a field of (AI) 
that keeps a computer's built-in algorithms current regardless of changes in the worldwide economy.
Applications of Machine Learning
Sample applications of machine learning:
Web search: ranking page based on what you are most likely to click on.
Computational biology: rational design drugs in the computer based on past experiments.
Finance: decide who to send what credit card offers to. Evaluation of risk on credit offers. How to decide where to invest money.
E-commerce:  Predicting customer churn. Whether or not a transaction is fraudulent.
Space exploration: space probes and radio astronomy.
Robotics: how to handle uncertainty in new environments. Autonomous. Self-driving car.
Information extraction: Ask questions over databases across the web.
Social networks: Data on relationships and preferences. Machine learning to extract value from data.
Debugging: Use in computer science problems like debugging. Labor intensive process. Could suggest where the bug could be.
Key Elements of Machine Learning
There are tens of thousands of machine learning algorithms and hundreds of new algorithms are developed every year.

Every machine learning algorithm has three components:
Representation: how to represent knowledge. Examples include decision trees, 
sets of rules, instances, graphical models, neural networks, support vector 
machines, model ensembles and others.
Evaluation: the way to evaluate candidate programs (hypotheses). Examples include accuracy,
 prediction and recall, squared error, likelihood, posterior probability, 
cost, margin, entropy k-L divergence and others.
Optimization: the way candidate programs are generated known as the search process. 
For example combinatorial optimization, convex optimization, constrained optimization.
All machine learning algorithms are combinations of these three components. 
A framework for understanding all algorithms.
Types of Learning
There are four types of machine learning:

Supervised learning: (also called inductive learning) Training data includes desired outputs.
  This is spam this is not, learning is supervised.
Unsupervised learning: Training data does not include desired outputs. Example is clustering. 
It is hard to tell what is good learning and what is not.
Semi-supervised learning: Training data includes a few desired outputs.
Reinforcement learning: Rewards from a sequence of actions. AI types like it, 

it is the most ambitious type of learning.
Supervised learning is the most mature, the most studied and the type of learning used 
by most machine learning algorithms. Learning with supervision is much easier than learning without supervision.

Inductive Learning is where we are given examples of a function in the form of data (x)
 and the output of the function (f(x)). The goal of inductive learning is to learn the function for new data (x).

Classification: when the function being learned is discrete.
Regression: when the function being learned is continuous.
Probability Estimation: when the output of the function is a probability.

real-woeld example
1. Image recognition
Image recognition is a well-known and widespread example of machine learning in the real world.
 It can identify an object as a digital image, based on the intensity of the pixels in black and white images or colour images.

Speech recognition
Machine learning can translate speech into text. Certain software applications can convert live voice and recorded speech into a text file. 
The speech can be segmented by intensities on time-frequency bands as well.

 Medical diagnosis
Machine learning can help with the diagnosis of diseases. 
Many physicians use chatbots with speech recognition capabilities to discern patterns in symptoms.
 
Predictive analytics
Machine learning can classify available data into groups, which are then defined by rules set by analysts.
 When the classification is complete, the analysts can calculate the probability of a fault.





